# Savana Shop

Welcome to our Ecommerce Website project! This project is built using React.js for the frontend and Vite.js for the build tooling. Below you will find information on how to set up the project, run it locally, and build it for production.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mooktardev/shopping-cart.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd shopping-cart
   ```

3. Install dependencies using npm or yarn:

   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn
   ```

## Running the Development Server

To run the development server, use the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

The development server will start at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Building for Production

To build the project for production, use the following command:

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

This will generate a production-ready build in the `dist` directory.

## Project Structure

- `src/`: Contains the main source code for the React.js frontend.
- `public/`: Contains static assets like images, fonts, etc.
- `dist/`: Generated by the build command, contains the production build files.

## Customize

Feel free to customize the project to suit your needs. You can modify the components, styles, and add new features as required.

## Contributors

- [Mooktar](https://github.com/mooktardev)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Thank you for checking out our Ecommerce Website project! If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to reach out.

Happy coding! 😊🚀